ACP Program

  You Qualify for the Affordable Connectivity Program! Now, it’s Time to Sign Up with a Provider.

Dear WAYNE,
Your application for the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) has been approved!
If you haven’t already done so, your next step is to sign up with a participating internet company by 05/14/2023 so you can begin receiving discounted broadband service through the ACP.
Sign up by 05/14/2023 or you will need to reapply for the ACP.
Even if you want to receive the benefit from your current internet service provider, you still need to contact them to start receiving the ACP benefit.
How to Sign Up with a Provider

1.	Contact a participating internet company to pick a service plan and ask 	to sign up for the ACP to start receiving the benefit. 

	If you are interested in a connected device, click here for a list of 	companies that offer connected devices. Not all companies 	participating in the program are offering connected devices. You will 	need to enroll with a company to receive your broadband AND device 	benefit.

2.	Tell the provider that you have been approved by the Universal Service 	Administrative Company (USAC).

3.	IMPORTANT TIP: Give the provider the following information as it 	appears on your ACP application so they can sign you up:
		Application ID:	B36671-57678
		Full Legal Name:	WAYNE MITCHELL
		Child/Dependent's Full Legal Name:	
		Address:	13201 S WAKIAL LOOP APT 1035
					PHOENIX, AZ 85044
		Method of Identity Verification:	Tribal ID

	The ACP is a federal benefit program that provides a monthly benefit 	on Internet services of up to $30 for eligible consumers on non-Tribal 	lands or up to $75 for eligible consumers living on qualifying Tribal 	lands. For more information about the ACP, visit 	AffordableConnectivity.gov.
	If you have questions about your connected device, internet service, or 	bill, contact your internet company. If you have questions about the 	ACP, call us at (877) 384-2575 or send us an email at 	ACPSupport@usac.org.

	ACP Support Center

	Universal Service
	Administrative Co.
 
The Universal Service Administrative Company (USAC) administers the Affordable Connectivity Program on behalf of the Federal Communications Commission. USAC is responsible for helping you apply for the program and understand eligibility requirements.

WARNING: The Affordable Connectivity Program is a federal benefit program that is available to qualifying consumers. Willingly giving false or fraudulent information to get Affordable Connectivity Program benefits is punishable by law and can result in fines, jail time, de-enrollment, or being barred from the program.

This is an automated message. Please do not reply to this email.

The information contained in this electronic communication and any attachments and links to websites are intended for the exclusive use of the addressee(s) and may contain confidential or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, or the person responsible for delivering this communication to the intended recipient, be advised that you have received this communication in error and that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing, or copying is strictly prohibited. Please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of this communication and any attachments.


 
Ref:MSG37640701
