Sage counselors: 
	calling in - 16892060375 ID:834077059#
	bondare@sagecounseling.net
	lakej@ "

If everything is going right, something will go wrong.
	When times are good, we tend to wait for the other shoe to fall. Nothing will ever be 100 percent right or 100 percent wrong; there will always be an ebb and flow between the two. It's finding the balance to know that everything will be all right, but that doesn't mean perfect and it doesn't mean that things will always be the same.
Believing you are not good enough
Telling yourself that you are ugly or obsessing over your imperfections
Believing you are a failure

“I'm a failure”
“I can never do anything right”
“I am not good enough”
“I should have done better on that test”
“I am not going to get the promotion at work”

“They will choose someone else” My past controls my future. 
	Only if you let it. The past is there to teach you, and once you've learned its lessons you can apply them to the future--but that doesn't mean they have to take residency there. Learn to let go so you can move on to the next chapter of your life.

My emotions are outside of my control. 
	If you think have no power over your emotions, try to think in terms of educating yourself about those emotions. It's possible to learn to manage your feelings--and in the meantime, however you feel, you can always control how you act and respond.

Jumping to a conclusion is another common cause of irrational cognition.
	 People try to assume what others are thinking; they assume others’ intentions. For instance, based on nonverbal reactions, an individual assumes that the listener is not interested. Rational thinking, on the other hand, focuses on having as much data as possible and delays drawing conclusions without having evidence to back them up.

4/03/23
Date Sage ends: May 10th

A codependent relationship is a kind of dysfunctional relationship where one person is a caretaker, and the other person takes advantage. Codependent relationships are extremely common among people with substance use issues.
	Lack of Boundaries
	Poor Communication

An interdependence relationship is when both the partners respect each other and cherish their emotional bond without losing their own identity in the relationship. If both the partners establish a good understanding of interdependence in a relationship, their bond becomes more solid and healthy.
	Healthy boundaries.
Active listening.
Time for personal interests.
Clear communication.
Taking personal responsibility for behaviors.
Creating safety for each other to be vulnerable.
Engaging and responding to each other.
Healthy self-esteem.

A toxic relationship is one that makes you feel unsupported, misunderstood, demeaned, or attacked. A relationship is toxic when your well-being is threatened in some way—emotionally, psychologically, and even physically.
	Control. One person makes all the decisions and tells the other what to do, what to wear, or who to spend time with. ...
Dependence. One person feels that they “can't live without” the other. ...
Digital monitoring or “clocking”. ...
Dishonesty. ...
Disrespect. ...
Hostility. ...
Harassment. ...
Intimidation.

4/10/23

New intructor Jenny Lake

Do any of these apply:
	spent money:
		rent 
		others money
		sex
		saying things didn't mean
		fighting 
		stolen	
		harmed property
		bought things cant afford
		arguing with co workers
		fired

4/17/23
	Jenny Lake counselor for sage class. 
		lakej@sagecounseling.net
	Spirituality:
		denial - admission

	Values:
		Determination
		Growth	
		Honesty
		Humor
		Happiness
		Trustworthy
	Spirituality involves the recognition of a feeling or sense or belief that there is something greater than myself, something more to being human than sensory experience, and that the greater whole of which we are part is cosmic or divine in nature.

	"The only real mistake is the one 
		from which we learn nothing."
				- Henry Ford -
		

04/24/2023
building my wall to keep me from my addiction 		
	highs - keeping to my sobriety 
	lows - finding a job in my field still looking	
	Walls - my fience, daughters and family	

05/03/23
	high - my last class, nephew is graduating from ASU
	low - no lows 
	?? - what were using the emotional, pycholgical, and phyical effects 		of my addiction had on me? alcohol regret sadness and ashamed 		
	
